 The course staff of a certain Computer Science course randomly assigns students to teams for their first assignment of the semester to help force people to get used to the real-world situation of working on diverse groups of teams of programmers.  But since they are not completely heartless, the instructors allow students to give preferences on their teams for future assignments.  
 In particular, each student is sent an electronic survey and asked to give answers to four questions:(a)  What is your user ID?(b)  Would  you  prefer  to  work  alone,  in  a  team  of  two,  in  a  team  of  three,  or  do  you  not  have  apreference?  Please enter 1, 2, 3, or 0, respectively.(c)  Which student(s) would you prefer to work with?  Please list their user IDs separated by commas,or leave this box empty if you have no preference.(d)  Which students would you prefer not to work with?  Please list their IDs, separated by commas.You can assume every student fills out the survey exactly once.  Ideally, student preferences would be compatible with each other so that the group assignments would make everyone happy, but inevitablythis is not possible because of conflicting preferences.  
 So instead, being selfish, the course staff wouldlike to choose the group assignments that minimize the total amount of work they’ll have to do.  They estimate that:
 They need k minutes to grade each assignment, so total grading time isktimes number of teams.
 Each student who requested a specific group size and was assigned to a different group size will complain to the instructor after class, taking 1 minute of the instructor’s time.
 Each student who is not assigned to someone they requested will send a complaint email, which will take n minutes for the instructor to read and respond.  If a student requested to work with multiple people, then they will send a separate email for each person they were not assigned to.
 Each student who is assigned to someone they requested not to work with (in question 4 above)will request a meeting with the instructor to complain, and each meeting will lastmminutes.  If a student requested not to work with two specific students and is assigned to a group with bothof them, then they will request 2 meetings.
 The total time spent by the course staff is equal to the sum of these components.  Your goal is to write a program to find an assignment of students to teams that minimizes the total amount of work thecourse staff needs to do, subject to the constraint that no team may have more than 3 students.  Your program should take as input a text file that contains each student’s response to these questions on asingle line, separated by spaces.  For example, a sample file might look like:
djcran 3 zehzhang,chen464 kapadia
chen464 1 _ _
fan6 0 chen464 
djcranzehzhang 1 _ 
kapadiakapadia 3 zehzhang,fan6 
djcransteflee 0 
_ _where the underscore character () indicates an empty value.  Your program should be run like this:./assign.py [input-file] [k] [m] [n]wherek,m, andnare values for the parameters mentioned above, and the output of your programshould be a list of group assignments, one group per line, with user names separated by spaces followedby the total time requirement for the instructors, e.g.:djcran chen464kapadia zehzhang fan6steflee5343
